To Ta:

	Regular User:
			The app can be started from the home page(https://bookwires.herokuapp.com).

		You do not have to be logged in to access all features of the site. The features that require the user
		to be logged in are viewing user pages, creating/deleting/editing/following/commenting/rating books, notifications, 
		and following users. We suggest logging in to use all features.
		Additionally all users have identical roles explained below (except for admins)

		Note: - the user session may expire and you may be getting alerts that you are unable to
			do certain actions. At this point you will need to relog (we matched what the instructor taught in class
			for session expiration)
					- To view chapters please go to the harry potter books as those are populated with data

		Website Header:
			- All pages contain the website logo which redirects to the home page as well as login and signup buttons
			- After logging in, the login and signup buttons disappear and there is a welcome button in the top right 
		that it will take you to your profile page (if you are a user) and take you to (admin page if you are a admin).
		There will also a logout button "Quit"

		Login Page:
		- the login page asks for username and password and redirect to home upon success
		- upon failure the user is notified
		- there is also a button to redirect to the sign up page if the user does not have an account

		Sign up Page:
		- You can sign up using the sign up button to create a new account (which will also automatically log you in).
		sign in function only creates user account. we do not authorize client to create admins.
		- To sign up you need username, email, password
		- there is a button for the user to redirect to the login page if they already have an account

	About Home Page:(https://bookwires.herokuapp.com)
		- The homepage shows some advertisements and highly rated books, categories, and popular authors.
		1.You can log in using the login button:
		    Username: "user"  Password: "user"
		  	Username: 'admin' Password: 'admin'
		- if the user has any new notifications a toast will appear telling the user (new notifications occur when 
		a new chapter is created for a book the user follows)
		2. You can click all the images of books to go to the "Book Page" of the selected books.
		3. You can use the search bar at the very top of the page. Using the search bar will take the user to the "Search Page"
			- The search page will query a list books that match the search
			- The Genres section on the left brings the user to the search page as if they searched for that genre
		4. You can click on the authors on the bottom-right take you to the profile page.
		

	About Search Page:(https://bookwires.herokuapp.com/search)
	- Shows a list of books with their image and rating that match the search
	    1. Categories bar is the same as Home Page.
	    2. Can also use te serach bar again
	    3. Can filter book according to rating.
    	4. Clicking on a book takes you to the book page.

	About Book Page:(https://bookwires.herokuapp.com/books/:bookID)
		1. When the user clicks the Read button it will bring them to the books content ("Reading page")
		  - This will be the chapter the user was reading previously if the user saved this book,
			 otherwise the first chapter of book.
		2. Save button will save this book to the current logged in user's bookshelf
			and the button displays saved and becomes unclickable if the book is already saved.
			(if you not are login in, it redirects to login page). 
		3. There is a list of chapters for this book. each one direct page to the corresponding chapter reading page.
		4. View comments by clicking the comments button
			- You can add comments to the book if you are login in, otherwise it redirect to login page. 
		5. You can click the author image and go to their profile page.
		6. You can rate a book on the top right corner if you are login in, otherwise it redirect to login page.
		7. admin have authority to delete comments. (login in as admin)
		8. The bottom right shows other books by the same author

	About Reading Page:(https://bookwires.herokuapp.com/books/:bookID/:chapter_number)
		This page displays the book text and has 4 buttons to go to next/previous chapter, 
		and a button to go back to the content of the book.

		About Profile Page:(https://bookwires.herokuapp.com/profile/:userID)
		There are two main views/functionalities for the profile page:
			1. The Profile Owner/Admin's view
			2. Another user's view (who's profile it is not)

		The Profile Owner/Admin's view:
			Create Book: the create book button on the left brings up a modal that has inputs to allow the user 
			to create a new book (with title, genre, description).
				- see below for adding chapters to the book

			There is a navigation bar on the left that changes the page's content:
			1. Bookshelf displays all the books the user has saved. They can remove them with the "x" button.
				- in both the Bookshelf and Authored section, the user can search for books with the search bar
			2. Authored displays all the books the user has written. They can remove them with the "x" button,
				edit them with the edit button, or add a cover with the add cover button
				- Editing: brings up a modal similar to the create book modal (they can edit the book data),
					however, now the user can create, edit, and delete chapters with the appropriate buttons
				- Add Cover: brings up a modal to upload a file. The user must choose the file they would like to upload
					and then click "upload"
			3. Following displays all user that you are currently following. 
				The user can view their profile or unfollow them by clicking the unfollow button
			4. Notifications displays all the notifications the user has gotten from books they follow that have
				gotten a new chapter
				-the user can click the notification to view the book that represents that notification
				-the user can clear all notifications
			5. Settings displays personal information, and clicking the edit button allow the user to change that info 
				(email, username, password and description)
				- if the user does not want to change their password, leave it blank
			6. The user can click on their avatar to change their avatar to one of the predefined website avatars

		The Other User's View:
			- other users can view the user's bookshelf and authored book's but can not edit or delete them.
				-they can also user the search bar to search for these books
			- they can also see the basic data like # of followers
			- they can follow/unfollow the user of the profile they are viewing


	Admin:
		About Admin Page:(https://bookwires.herokuapp.com/admin)
		The admin can acces the admin page by clicking on the "Welcome admin" button in the top right
				1. The admin can switch between viewing books and users
					- the book section shows all the books on the website
					- the user section show all the users
					- All books and users can be deleted.
				2. clicking a book takes you to the Book page, where the admin has the ability to delete comments.
				3. clicking the user takes you to profile page and admin sees the same page as the profile owner sees.
					(which includes the ability to edit all personal data and books)

		About Book Page:
				1. It is the same as the Book Page however the admin can also delete comments.



Routes:

We have many express routes. The ones for navigation between webpages are:
/login : login page
/signup : signup page
/index : home page
/admin : admin page
/profile/:id : user page of id
/search/query : search page with the query
/book/:bid/ : book (bid) page
/book/:bid/:cid : book (bid) chapter (cid) page

/upload/:id uploads an image for the book of id

We also have many routes whose main purpose is to query the database. These routes start with /db/
and are specified by which object they are querying... book, books, profile (user). Some have bodies
that specify the data that will be queried.

group member name and their corresponding github name
Steven Cuneo : s-cuneo
Xiaohe Gong : gongxi10
Chenghao Wang : Eric
Yujie Miao : beijilang, Jerry
